Commands:

1. import logging 
This imports the python log module 

2. logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG)
This sets the default level for logging
logging.DEBUG is just a constant. NOT the same as logging.debug

3. logging.basicConfig(filename='...', level=logging.DEBUG)
Instead of outputting the log messages to the console, this command redirects the output to the the file specified by filename
When you log to a file, the file will keep the old log statements, and just adds the newstatements in. Allow us to see our logged information overtime and over multiple runs

4. logging.basicConfig(filename='logging-output.txt', level=logging.INFO, format='%(filename)s:%(levelname)s:%(message)s')
This allows you to format the output

5. logging.info('...')
Logs the output at info level 
logging.debug(), logging.warning(), logging.error()

Commands 1 to 5 are for root logger



Notes:

logging levels 
- allows us to specify exactly what we want to log by separating these into categories. There are 5 standard logging levels:

debug, info, warning, error, and critical 

DEBUG: Detailed information, typically of interest only when diagnosing problems 

INFO: Confirmation that things are working as expected 

WARNING: An indication that something unexpected happened, or indicative of some problem in the near future (e.g. 'disk space low'). The software is still working as expected 

ERROR: Due to a more serious problem, the software has not been able to perform some function 

CRITICAL: A serious error, indicating that the program itself may be unable to continue running 

Default level is set to warning. Captures anything a warning or above (ERROR and CRITICAL)

- If not specified, the default logger is the root logger. It is a good practice to configure specific loggers that can be configured seperately

- You would want to have specific loggers because you want to be able to configure each one of them to a specific need 

- If you were to just use the root logger, and you import another library/module that also uses the root logger. Then the basicConfig you 
set won't be able to override the basciConfig from that import library/module. Instead, the log statements you have will be printed according 
to the root logger that was configured in imported library/module.

